Update text front page (#165)
pyladies/global-conference: content/_index.md

{{< pinktitle "About the conference" >}}

> Attention all PyLadies community members! We’re currently finishing up all the details to start our
> conference, stay tuned for future updates. In the meantime, check <a href="/schedule">our
> schedule</a>, and get <a href="https://pretix.eu/pyladiescon/2024">your tickets</a>!
> Our goal is to have a transformative event designed to promote diversity, learning, and empowerment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attention all PyLadies community members! Our conference <a href="https://pretix.eu/pyladiescon/2024">registration</a> is now open.
We’re excited to welcome you to our conference.  Join us online
for a transformative event designed to promote diversity, learning, and empowerment
```
